# Hello-World.
just getting used to this.
I have always been a bit anti-socnedial. I am not good at communicating, but i hope to get better at that. 
  My first computer was an ancient Tandy desktop. It had an old CRT with yellow type. I started off with d.o.s.. Then LIFE happened. after that old thing bured down, i didn't get another computer for ten years. i would check out books from the library about programming and try to understand it. I read about what you could do with this ever expanding tech. the internet was still new to mainstream. just telnet, and static pages. I remember the first phones with internet access. they had these terrible green LCD screens, and didn't work worth a damn. slowly but surely, folks like the ones on github, started building great technolodies. We got flash player. Suddenly there were moving images and players. you could customize your own web pages. It was very cool. I had a small family to take care of. I had gotten a job in the oilfield. I worked my ass off for years. Those years of dreaming about computers, (and some time in the art institue) were lost in the attempt to survive. 
  I am older now. Finaly, i have the time to get back to an obsession; i thought i had forgotten. Now, I can't get Programming out of my head. I spend all my time learning everything i can. So much has happened in the past 2o+ years. There are so many great creations in C.S. I really love this shit. In my dreams i am coding for hours. Creating something i can't see but i know will be great. The code is all jumbled in my dreams, but that feeling. I can't shake that feeling. I may be a fool. I am not young any more. I am way too old to get a job at google or what-have-you. Still, I have to learn this. I need to make something great. Hopfully many great things. So, that's what i am going to do...
Wow, I shouldn't have said all that. Good thing nobody is going to read this...
